.\" Manpage for serioussam-alpha
.\" Contact  -- Alexander Pavlov <t.x00100x.t@yandex.ru> to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "06  2023" "1.0" "serioussam-alpha man page"
.SH NAME
serioussam-alpha - Alpha Remake is open source modification for game Serious Sam Classic The First Encounter.
.SH SYNOPSIS
Open terminal and put command:
.TP
.B
serioussam +game SSA
.TP
for start Serious Sam Classic The First Encounter with Alpha Remake modification.
.SH DESCRIPTION
serioussam-alpha isopen source modification for open source game engine version developed by Croteam for Serious Sam Classic (Windows, Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, NetBSD, macOS,Raspberry Pi OS). Based on https://github.com/icculus/Serious-Engine
.SH INSTALL
.PP
To add Serious Sam Alpha Remake, you will need the \fI"serioussam"\fR port
installed and a copy of the game on Steam, GOG or on CD. For details about
the \fI"serioussam"\fR port, enter the command: \fBman serioussam\fR
.PP
Download the mod content using the command:
\fB wget https://archive.org/download/serioussam-alpharemake-mod-data/SeriousSamAlphaRemake_v1.5.7z\fR
.PP
Unpack the add-on archive into the directory:
.PP
\fB ~/.local/share/Serious-Engine/serioussam/\fR
.PP
For more information see: 
\fB https://github.com/tx00100xt/SeriousSamAlphaRemake\fR
\fB https://github.com/tx00100xt/SeriousSamAlphaRemake/wiki\fR
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
New console commands:
.TP
\fBhud_bShowKills\fR - Shows the number of killed and remaining monsters on the map. Disabled by default.
.TP
\fBhud_bShowPing\fR - Shows ping in a multiplayer game. Enabled by default.
.TP
\fBhud_bShowScore\fR - Allows you to remove the top line in the HUD with the number of score . Disabled by default.
.TP
New startup commands:
.TP
\fB+prtable\fR - Enables full portable mode for Linux. All saves, recorded demo files, settings files will be saved in the root directory of the game.
.TP
NOTE: The complete list of game console commands and variables is stored in \fIHelp/ShellSymbols.txt\fR
.SH BUGS
.PP
There is no multiplayer compatibility between Windows and *nix systems.
.PP
For \fIaarch64\fR, \fIarmhf\fR architectures. Known bugs and how to solve them:
.PP
Modification of Serios Sam Alpha Remake freeze on the splash screen at startup. The solution is to edit or create a new
.PP
\fBSamTFE/Mods/SSA/Scripts/Mod_startup.ini\fR
.PP
file with the line
.PP
\fBsam_strIntroLevel = "";\fR
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
 Alexander Pavlov <t.x00100x.t@yandex.ru>
